Add new z-index token names (#8245)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/fuzzy-timers-kneel.md

---
'@shopify/polaris-tokens': minor
---

> Added identical z-index tokens with new naming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added new z-index tokens that will be the default in v7.0.0 of polaris-tokens
```

> Added new z-index tokens that will be the default in v7.0.0 of polaris-tokens

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added new z-index tokens that will be the default in v7.0.0
```

Light suggestion since this will be in the `polaris-tokens` changelog

> Added new z-index tokens that will be the default in version 7 of polaris-tokens

Author: ```suggestion
Added new z-index tokens that will be the default in v7.0.0 of polaris-tokens
```
